# First weeks reflection.

## What do I want to learn or understand better?
**A**: We've decided roughly on the tools/technologies we want to use in the project, some of which I know quite well, some of which I need to learn more about.

**B**: I know (to the extent needed in this course) how to use the tools/technologies we're going to use in the project.

**A -> B**: I need to spend some time to improve my knowledge of these tools/technologies.

## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
**A**: Some members of the group have less experience using some of the tools and technologies that will be used in the course (a big example is Git) than what me and other people in the group.

**B**: Everyone in the group should posses sufficient knowledge of all the tools/technologies used in the project to do their part and understand the entire project.

**A -> B**: We've already held a short git-tutorial during a group meeting and I expect that we might hold more tutorials for eachother throughout the course. We've also discussed doing some pair-programming on some work where one person might be inexperienced in the area and the other be more experienced to help them learn and be able to later continue on their own. 

## What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?

**A**: I have some limited knowledge and experience using scrum (or at least an agile workflow).

**B**: I should have sufficient understanding of Scrum to be able to complete the course as well as use it in future work.

**A -> B** This week my focus has mainly lied in helping setting up the group and do some initial work (such as the social contract). My focus has also lied in expanding my own knowledge of Scrum, mainly through the lectures and lego excercise.

## What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?

**A**: We've uploaded our first version of the social contract and generally discussed what we want to do, how we want to do it and how we want to work together (and I'm currently working on this individual reflection obviously). 

**B**: Basically same as A this week :D.

**A -> B**: I've attented group meetings where we've done all (except this reflection) of this weeks work together.
