# First weeks reflection.

## What do I want to learn or understand better?

**A**: A part from the scrum workprocess and other work processes we might use throughout the course, I'd like to learn more about the frameworks and libraries we're going to use in the course. 

**B**: I know as much as I can about the processes/libraries/frameworks that will be used in the course (and possibly more).

**A -> B**: This far I've looked at some c# web libraries that we might use in for the project but I intend to look more at react native as it appears as if we will use that for the project.

## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

**A**: I may know some things that may be of use to other members of the group.

**B**: Everyone in the group has sufficient knowledge about everything they want/need for the project.

**A -> B**: I can and I have share/shared some knowledge about things such as git/react/c# and many other things that may be of use to other members of the group.

## What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?

A part from setting up a scrum master we haven't really begun using scrum yet, I have however participated in group meetings where scrum has been discussed. I have also partitipated on lectures where we've talked about scrum.

## What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?

**A**: The group has deadlines this week that needs to be met. 

**B**: The group has turned in all the things that have deadlines this week. 

**A -> B**: We split the group in half, one half working on the Buisness model canvas and one that worked on the mockup. I was in the group that worked on the mockup and I am and I hope the rest of the group is as well with my contribution to this weeks deadlines.
