# Second weeks reflection.

## What do I want to learn or understand better?

**A**: How we as a group use scrum efficiently. Get a better understanding of the frameworks we are to use for the project.

**B**: Feel confident in my knowledge in how we are to work and with what we work.

**A -> B**: Activly search for knowledge. Seek help from group members more knowledgable than me and activly try to learn from all sources.

## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

**A**: I have previous experience in group projects and can help the goup keep a clear goal. I also have knowledge of some of the tools we are to use and should activly share my knowledge with my group members.

**B**: Everyone feels tat they can contribute to the project in a meaningful way and is not left behind.

**A -> B**: We activly hold internal workshops to share our already aqcuired knowledge and we encourage each other to try and learn.

## What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?

**A**: We haven't started using scrum activly in our project since we still plan the project.

**B**: Activly use scrum with the rest of the group.

**A -> B**: Create user stories and start developing the project.

## What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?

**A**: Attending meetings, activly sharing my opinion and helping with the mockup.

**B**: Efficiently work with tasks and user stories to produce deliveries with value for the group and product owner.

**A -> B**: Create user stories to make actual developing possible. Otherwise keep the pace up and dont stop helping the group progress.
