# Week 1 individual reflection by <NAMN>

## What do I want to learn or understand better?
**A:** I learned more about the SCRUM procedure through the lego-exercise and I've gotten a better understanding of what we are suppose to do in this project.

**B:** I would like to get a better overview of the details of how we are going to execute the project. What project will we decide to do, what IDEs will we use with it, how do we want to implement user stories etc. Right now there are many blanks to fill in before we can start working properly.

**A->B:** The three lectures next week will be crucial in filling in the blanks that is needed to understand how we should proceed with the project. Except for the lectures we will have meetings in the group to make sure we have the information we need to start working as soon as possible.

## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
**A:** As it is the first week there haven't been many opportunities to learn anything new. We just focused on gathering information to make sure we have a good foundation when we start working with the project.

**B:** As the SCRUM master I'll have taken care of some of the administrative work (prepare meetings and keeping track of deadlines) so that the group members who needed time to learn the tools have had time to do so.

**A->B:** We need to decide on a project in order to start preparing the tools and learning how to use them.

## What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
**A:** We've only really used SCRUM in the lego-exercise, and there I was the SCRUM master who handled the communication with the product owner and the other SCRUM masters.

**B:** I'll have done my SCRUM master duties (preparing a meeting agenda, holding the meetings and keep track of the deadlines).

**A->B:** Simply by preparing for the meetings and keeping updated with the course webpage.

## What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
**A:** I wrote the project idea about the parking leasing, prepared and wrote the social contract, and was an active part of the planning.

**B:** I'll have done my SCRUM master duties, been an active part in deciding on what project to do and to prepared the mockup with the team. 

**A->B:** We need to discuss and decide on a project as soon as possible and also come together to write the mockup.
