# Week 2 individual reflection by Pontus Lindblom

## What do I want to learn or understand better?
**A:** I learned more about SCRUM and how to slice up user stories to tasks.

**B:** I have gain practical experience in using user stories and at the end of the first sprint I will have a feeling for how good our initial estimation was.

**A->B:** In order to gain practica experience the group need to sit down and actually create the user stories, and also analyze how well we did.

## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
**A:** My prior knowledge of GitHub made it possible for me to help me group members to move around in the platform.

**B:** With descent knowledge in our framworks I'll help my group members when they get stuck and I sit on the necessary knowledge.

**A->B:** By reading tutorials on our frameworks and also testing them out, I can provide practical information to the team when we start using them.

## What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
**A:** As a SCRUM master I prepared the meetings so they could be effective.

**B:** I have gotten some practical experience with SCRUM and can apply the basics of the concept.

**A->B:** By reading up on earlier material I can make sure we implement all the parts that are important for SCRUM.

## What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
**A:** I wrote the agenda for all the meetings, moderated them, and created the Business Model Canvas together with Oscar and Teif.

**B:** I have contributed in writing and estimating the user stories, and I have set up all my frameworks and is ready to start coding.

**A->B:** We need to write the user stories and also spend a lot of time helping all the group members get their frameworks to work. Most user stories need to be group related in the first sprint to reach this goal.
