# Week 1 individual reflection by Erik Johnsson

 ## What do I want to learn or understand better?

**A:** I have a decent understanding of the technical processes behind software development but lack insight on the business procedures along with some of the particular tools we have decided to use.

**B:** Improve my understanding of the development of profitable projects & start-ups. As well as become more familiar with the particular tools.

**A->B:** By interacting with and paying attention to both my IT and industrial economy group members. And also by doing personal research.

## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

**A:** No single group member fully understands all of the tools and processes we are going to be using during the course.

**B:** Everyone has a clear understanding of the tools and processes, both technical and organizational, we are going to be using during the course.

**A->B:** By being generally helpful and covering each others "knowledge holes" in a way which is educational for all.


## What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?

**A:** I have been part of the active discussion surrounding the social contract and the project as a whole.

**B:** Post in the daily scrum meeting discussions, attend and interact during meetings, look for assignments if I don't have anything to do.

**A->B:** By starting development.


## What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?

**A:** I took part in the group meetings where it was decided what our general plan was going forward.

**B:** Be a productive member of the group, take active part in development both technical and business-wise.

**A->B:** Start some form of development, Partake in meetings and other group activities.
