# Week 2 individual reflection by Erik Johnsson

## What do I want to learn or understand better?

**A**: I've some knowledge about react but not react-native. Likewise I don't understand how C# back-ends word syntactically.

**B**: I've a better understanding of the aforementioned frameworks.

**A -> B**: Doing research on the particularities of react-native and observing my fellow group members.

## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

**A**: Some members (myself included) have low experience with some of the tools we have decided on. Most members of no experience with some of the frameworks we have decided on.

**B**: Everyone has adequate experience to start working semi-independently.

**A -> B**: By helping others with the frameworks/tools I am familiar with.

## What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?

**A**: I've attended group meetings and was active during the writing of the group reflection.

**B**: Write in the daily scrum threads, continue to attend meetings.

**A -> B**: Wait until monday when we hopefully will have written a starting amount of user stories and started active development.

## What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?

**A**: I've worked on the two revisions of the GUI-mockup.

**B**: Contributing to getting the project to a point where we can start physical development of the intended application.

**A -> B**: Contribute to creating user stories and getting a development platform up and running.
