# Week 1 individual reflection by Adam

## What do I want to learn or understand better?

**A:** I somewhat understand the tooling and resources I will be using throughout the project as well as the basic concepts behind the project.

**B:** I need to fully understand the way we will be doing server/client communication as well as the legal ramifications of the project.

**A->B:** Research REST as well as contact a lawyer.

## How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

**A:** As a team we somewhat understand the scrum process and the basic ideas behind the project.

**B:** We need to fully understand the tooling behind the project and the ideas and possible obstacles we should encounter.

**A->B:** Mini workshops and by bringing this to the attention of the group should be a solid first step in the process.

## What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?

**A:** This week there has been very little scrum besides the reflections and the meetings we have had to confirm that the project is moving along.

**B:** Obviously the project should incorporate scrum much more in said process to make sure we have a sane working process.

**A->B:** The first steps in this process is nailing down early specifications and making sure that we have a good understanding of the overall project so we can start working.

## What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?

**A:** This week my contribution has primarily been helping and planning the new project, help decide which tools should be used and helped some individuals of the team understand some of said tools.

**B:** My contribution should involve more research into our project and the potential issues that can arise.

**A->B:** Try to understand said potential issues